# Vision
Ensure that Python scripts can communicate with a Socket.IO server.

# Mission
Address pull requests and issues in socketIO-client.

# Owner
Roy Hyunjin Han

# Context
It is important to demonstrate discipline in maintaining an open source project.

# Timeframe
20160331-1245 - 20160417-1245: 17 days estimated

# Objectives
1. + Make sure that the library works as promised.
2. Address pull requests.

# Log
20160331-1300 - 20160331-1500

Make sure that the library works as promised.

I think that if I allocate a few hours each day, then I should be able to get this done on schedule.

+ Clone repository
+ Download socket.io
+ Work through chat application example
+ Start a new branch

We'll just check whether all unit tests pass. We should also change our tests to use pytest.

+ Check that library works with both versions of socket.io

    + Test that socket.io-0.9.14 works with socketIO-client-0.5.6

        cd ~/Projects/socketIO-client-0.5.6
        python setup.py develop
        pip install -I -U nose
        npm install socket.io@0.9.14
        node serve-tests
        ~/.virtualenvs/crosscompute/bin/nosetests

    + Test that socket.io-1.4.5 works with socketIO-client-0.6.5

        cd ~/Projects/socketIO-client-0.6.5
        python setup.py develop
        pip install -I -U nose
        npm install socket.io yargs
        node socketIO_client/tests/serve.js
        ~/.virtualenvs/crosscompute/bin/nosetests

Well, I'm pleasantly surprised. Both tests still pass!

_ Write an experiment to detect version of socket.io on server
    + Option 1 is to try to connect with both and avoid the one that fails. But that is naive.
        + Connect socketIO-client-0.5.6 to socket.io-1.4.5 and see what happens (it just hangs)
        + Connect socketIO-client-0.6.5 to socket.io-0.9.14 and see what happens (warning: connection refused)
    _ Option 2 is to have more precision by testing certain connection points.

Let's try "Connect socketIO-client-0.6.5 to socket.io-0.9.14" again

WARNING:root:localhost:9000/socket.io [waiting for connection] HTTPConnectionPool(host='localhost', port=9000): Max retries exceeded with url: /socket.io/?EIO=3&transport=polling&t=1459452848797-0 (Caused by NewConnectionError('<requests.packages.urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f361b4a1590>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused',))

After thinking about it some more, I think supporting both protocols in the same library will be needlessly complicated. We will keep the existing structure of having different versions for different protocols.

20160331-2010 - 20160331-2030

+ Add documentation for server SSL certification verification
+ Add documentation for client SSL certification encryption

20160331-2030 - 20160331-2130

+ Work through one pull request

20160403-1100 - 20160403-1200: 1 hour estimated

20160403-1100 - 20160403-1400: 3 hours actual

+ Work through one pull request

20160625-1815 - 20160625-1845: 30 minutes

I am noticing some thread-related errors.

For example, here is an error that appears

	Exception in thread Thread-1 (most likely raised during interpreter shutdown):
	Traceback (most recent call last):
	File "/usr/lib64/python2.7/threading.py", line 804, in __bootstrap_inner
	File "/home/rhh/.virtualenvs/crosscompute/lib/python2.7/site-packages/socketIO_client/heartbeats.py", line 34, in run
	File "/usr/lib64/python2.7/threading.py", line 617, in wait
	File "/usr/lib64/python2.7/threading.py", line 367, in wait
	<type 'exceptions.ValueError'>: list.remove(x): x not in list
	Unhandled exception in thread started by
	sys.excepthook is missing
	lost sys.stderr

I am looking at line 367 of threading.py but it looks like the exception should have been ignored.

	try:
		self.__waiters.remove(waiter)
	except ValueError:
		pass

I think the ValueError is coming from somewhere else.

- https://github.com/segmentio/analytics-python/issues/69
- http://stackoverflow.com/questions/9532264/how-to-use-multiple-threads

For now, let's just wait for the heartbeat thread to join.

	self._heartbeat_thread.join()

If the exception appears again, then we'll use atexit.register(self._heartbeat_thread.join()).
